5 common interview questions with STAR answers
  1. Tell me about a time when you worked under close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that?
Situation - I was working in a photography studio/frame shop and my bosses and coworkers all had 4 continous days off.
Task - I was to watch and run the frame shop all by myself.
Action - I successfully ran the frame shop alone, working on custom frame orders and helping customers as they came into the shop throughout the day.
Resolution - This was the first time I was given the responsibility of opening and closing the shop by myself but I handled it really well
and my bosses thanked me for stepping up to the plate and helping them when they really needed it. 
  2. Sometimes it’s just not possible to get everything on your to-do list done. Tell me about a time your responsibilities got a little overwhelming. What did you do?
Situation - Working at the photography studio we handled the photos for all the schools in our area and I was in charge of handling all of the data that went along with
every childs picture, well come Fall-time, that is data for thousands and thousands of students. It's a lot for one person to keep up with.
Task - Data entry for thousands of childrens info with their school photos
Action - I would just have to make sure each day to get through X amount of photos and schools to ensure I was keeping up with deadlines. I had to stay focused and make
sure I wasn't slacking off and getting distracted throughout the day.
Resolution - I did really well with it and always delivered the data and schools on time to my superiors. It taught me how to manage my time really well.
  3. Describe a time when you struggled to build a relationship with someone important. How did you eventually overcome that?
Situation - 


4. Tell me about your proudest professional accomplishment.
Situation - I was working for an Elementary School in a kindergarten class.
Task - I was in charge of helping the less behaved students and the ones who were a little more behind academically.
Action - At first, it was difficult but once I got down on their level and actually listened to them the kids were super receptive and I was able to see them grow
academically and personally.
Resolution - This will always be one of my favorite accomplishments, I took the time with these kids and my hard work paid off and I could see the effort pay off and
it was so rewarding in the end. I was super proud.



Questions to ask the interviewer
1. What was your company's response to the COVID-19 pandemic?
2. What is your favorite thing about working for this company?
3. Why has this position opened up?
4. What current challenges is the team facing?
5. What opportunities can this position lead to?

How to prepare for an interview
Get plenty of sleep, prepare yourself for common interview questions, dress appropriate (don't overdress), don't be more than 15 minutes early.


https://www.canva.com/design/DAEaRmogFnc/gZyDGBjKZifG3_gjL3K9iw/edit

Elevator pitch doc is separate 
